capstone/readme.md, before:


#Description of the Capstone Course:

In this course, you will develop more advanced web application programming skills. You will learn how to control data read and write access using methods, publish and subscribe. You will learn how to access your database and server shells using command line tools. You will use the SimpleSchema system to validate data and generate input forms automatically. You will see a complete collaborative code editing environment, TextCircle, being built from scratch. At the end of this course, you will be able to: - use Meteor methods to control data write access - use publish and subscribe to control data read access - install and use advanced Meteor packages - add user accounts to your applications - implement complex MongoDB filters - use the MongoDB and meteor server shells - define data validations schemas using SimpleSchema - generate data input forms automatically using SimpleSchema In this course, you will complete: 2 programming assignments taking ~4 hours each to complete 4 quizzes, each taking ~20 minutes to complete multiple practice quizzes, each taking ~5 minutes to complete Participation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for University of London programmes




## packages used:
- iron:router
- less



## Info for features:
- Full text search in Meteor https://www.okgrow.com/posts/guide-to-full-text-search-in-meteor

TODO:

1. Create a search
2. Results page should allow clickable links to item page
3. item page should allow comments (comments should save)

Commit message:

adding template to render the searched Item's data

capstone/readme.md, after:


#Description of the Capstone Course:

In this course, you will develop more advanced web application programming skills. You will learn how to control data read and write access using methods, publish and subscribe. You will learn how to access your database and server shells using command line tools. You will use the SimpleSchema system to validate data and generate input forms automatically. You will see a complete collaborative code editing environment, TextCircle, being built from scratch. At the end of this course, you will be able to: - use Meteor methods to control data write access - use publish and subscribe to control data read access - install and use advanced Meteor packages - add user accounts to your applications - implement complex MongoDB filters - use the MongoDB and meteor server shells - define data validations schemas using SimpleSchema - generate data input forms automatically using SimpleSchema In this course, you will complete: 2 programming assignments taking ~4 hours each to complete 4 quizzes, each taking ~20 minutes to complete multiple practice quizzes, each taking ~5 minutes to complete Participation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for University of London programmes




## packages used:
- iron:router
- less

## Info for features:
- Full text search in Meteor https://www.okgrow.com/posts/guide-to-full-text-search-in-meteor
- Use dynamic templates: https://themeteorchef.com/snippets/using-dynamic-templates/
- Adding comments to Meteor app: http://joshowens.me/adding-comments-to-your-meteor-js-app/

TODO:

1. Create a search (jQuery search - any better way?)
2. Results page should allow clickable links to item page (render the resultsItem page?)
3. Allow users to insert uses for the items  (use comments?)
4. Allow users to vote on the best uses (stars?)
